"Creating Custom Particles" Page (#20)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/particles/customparticles.md

---
title: Creating Custom Particles
description: Learn how to create a custom particle using Fabric API.
---

# Creating Custom Particles

> Particles are a powerful tool. They can add ambience to a beautiful scene, or add tension to an edge of your seat boss battle. Let's add one!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Particles are a powerful tool. They can add ambience to a beautiful scene, or add tension to your boss battles. Let's add one!
```
